# HNProfile - Profile Overlay for HN

**Available for Chrome, Safari and Firefox.**

![Screenshot of HNProfile](http://i.imgur.com/VROns8e.png)

HNProfile lets you quickly glance at a user's profile without leaving the page
you're on. You can quickly see a user's bio, karma, account age - plus quick
links to their comments and submissions. Plus, if they have an email address
or Github account in their bio (providing they've set up a Gravatar or Github
avatar), you'll see their avatar too.

HNProfile is available for Chrome, Safari and Firefox. Most users will want to
grab a copy from the appropriate extensions / addon store.

### Safari:

Download here:

### Chrome:

Download here:

### Firefox

Download here:

## Setting up to build from source

1. Make sure you have Node.js and NPM installed.

1. Make sure you have gulp installed:

    `sudo npm install gulp -g`

1. Install the required packages for HNProfile:

    `npm install`

1. Run `gulp` to build the extension for all platforms. If you're developing,
  I recommend using `gulp watch` instead. This keeps track of file changes
  and runs gulp as required.

1. If you plan to build for Firefox (and if you're planning to submit a pull
  request, please take the time to test in all browsers if you can), you will
  need to [install the Mozilla Addon SDK](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/SDK/Tutorials/Installation).

## Building from source
Make sure you've run `gulp` or are running `gulp watch` and then follow the
instructions for the browser you want to build for.

### Safari:
To add an extension to Safari, you'll need a developer license. They're free -
but you'll need to sign up at http://developer.apple.com/. Once you've set up
the license, go to the Develop menu and click on "Show Extension Builder". Then
click on the "+" icon in the bottom left and click "Add Extension...". Navigate
to the project directory, then go into `build/safari` and select the folder
"hnprofile.safariextension". Finally, to install the extension, click on the
"Install" button at the top right.

Every time you make changes to the extension, once gulp has built them, you'll
need to hit the "Reload" button.

### Chrome
Once gulp has built the project, open Chrome and go into the settings and to
the Extensions section. Make sure that "Developer mode" is ticked and click the
"Load unpacked extension" button. Navigate to the project directory and then
`build/chrome` and hit open/select in the file browser. The extension should
now be installed.

Each time you make changes to the extension, once they've been built by gulp,
you'll need to click "Reload" by the extension in the settings (or, press
Cmd+R).

### Firefox
Once you have the project set up and building with gulp, and you have the
Firefox addon SDK installed, you'll need to navigate to the project directory
in your terminal and go into `build/firefox`. Then run `cfx run` and a Firefox
window should pop up. The addon will be installed and ready to go.

Each time you make changes, you'll need to run `cfx run` again. Remember - gulp
creates a new directory each time so you'll have to run `cd `pwd`` before
running `cfx run` each time.

## Contributing

As HNProfile supports Chrome, Safari and Firefox, please test your code in all
browsers if you can. If you can't (e.g. you're on Linux and can't test in
Safari), please let me know and I'll test for you.
